updates with azure monitor extension onboarding with GKE (#495)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_k8s/day2/arc_extensions/azure_monitor/index.md

  ```shell
  az --version
  ```

* Create Azure service principal (SP)

    To be able to complete the scenario and its related automation, Azure service principal assigned with the “Contributor” role is required. To create it, login to your Azure account run the below command (this can also be done in [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/)).

    ```shell
    az login
    az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "<Unique SP Name>" --role contributor
    ```

    For example:

    ```shell
    az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "http://AzureArcK8s" --role contributor
    ```

    Output should look like this:

    ```json
    {
    "appId": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "displayName": "AzureArcK8s",
    "name": "http://AzureArcK8s",
    "password": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "tenant": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
    }
    ```

    > **Note: It is optional but highly recommended to scope the SP to a specific [Azure subscription and resource group](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/ad/sp?view=azure-cli-latest)**

## Create Azure monitor extensions instance

> To create a new extension Instance, use `k8s-extension create`, passing in values for the mandatory parameters. The below example creates an instance of Azure Monitor extension on your Arc enabled Kubernetes cluster. An auotmation script file is provided part of jumpstart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new extension Instance, we will use the _k8s-extension create_ command while passing in values for the mandatory parameters. This scenario provides you with the automation to deploy the Azure Monitor extension on your Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: fixed and let me know if there any further updates needed. Thanks!

* Before integrating the cluster with Azure Monitor for Containers, click on the "Insights (preview)" blade for the connected Arc cluster to show how the cluster is not currently being monitored.

    ![Screenshot showing Azure Portal with Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes resource](./01.png)

    ![Screenshot showing Azure Portal with Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes resource Insights](./02.png)

* Edit the environment variables in the script to match your environment parameters and upload it to the Cloud Shell environment. After than run it using the ```. ./azure_monitor_k8s_extension.sh``` command.

    > **Note: The extra dot is due to the shell script has an *export* function and needs to have the vars exported in the same shell session as the rest of the commands.**

    ![Screenshot showing GKE cluster in GCP console](./03.png)

    ![Screenshot showing connection to GKE cluster in GCP console](./04.png)

>     ![Screenshot showing uploading the script file to cloud shell](./07.png)

Reviewer: img jump 04<>07

See [this section](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/scenario_guidelines/#screenshots) in the write-up guildeines.

Author: fixed and let me know if there any further updates needed. Thanks!

    The script will:

  * Login to your Azure subscription using the SPN credentials

>   * Add or Update the connectedk8s and k8s-extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add or Update your local _connectedk8s_ and _k8s-extension_ Azure CLI extensions
```

Author: fixed and let me know if there any further updates needed. Thanks!

  * Create monitor k8s extension instance

> * Now if you can see that the monitoring is enabled once you visit Container Insights section of Azure Arc enabled kubernetes cluster in Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now if you can see that the monitoring is enabled once you visit the Container Insights section of the Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes cluster resource in Azure.
```

Author: fixed and let me know if there any further updates needed. Thanks!

    > **Note: As the OMS start collecting telemetry from the cluster nodes and pods, it will take 5-10min for data to start show up in the Azure Portal.**

* Click the "Connected Clusters" tab and see the Azure Arc connected cluster was added. Now that your cluster is being monitored, navigate trough the different tabs and sections and watch the monitoring telemetry for the cluster nodes and pods.  

![Screenshot showing Monitoring console](./06.png)

### Delete extension instance

The following command only deletes the extension instance, but doesn't delete the Log Analytics workspace. The data within the Log Analytics resource is left intact. You can visit the Insights seciton of Azure Arc resource in Azure Portal and can see the onboarding state as not connected.

```bash
az k8s-extension delete --name azuremonitor-containers --cluster-type connectedClusters --cluster-name <cluster-name> --resource-group <resource-group>
```

>  ![Screenshot showing Azure Portal with Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes resource Insights](./02.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Screenshot showing Azure Portal with Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes resource Insights](./02.png)
```
Change filename to _07.png_

See [this section](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/scenario_guidelines/#screenshots) in the write-up guildeines.

Author: fixed and let me know if there any further updates needed. Thanks!
